[The Avett Brothers'
Kick Drum Heart]
- THE FOOTPRINTS
OVER THE SNOW
THE FABRIC OF ALL
THE LONELY
C-COVERING ONLY
THE FABLES AND HANDS
THE REST IS OUT
IN THE COLD
HOLDING THE LAST
OF THE SEASON
- MORNING.
- MORNING, ADAM.
- MY, MY, MY HEART
LIKE A KICK DRUM
MY, MY HEART
- [panting]
[cell phone ringing]
[continues panting]
HELLO?
- I LOST AMBER.
- WHAT?
- SHE FLED.
SHE ESCAPED.
SHE SNUCK RIGHT OUT
THE WINDOW.
- OKAY, LISTEN, SARAH,
HERE'S WHAT YOU NEED TO DO.
- WHAT, ARE YOU HAVING
A HEART ATTACK?
- NO, I'M EXERCISING.
- YOU'RE, LIKE,
WHEEZING LIKE AN OLD PERSON.
CAREFUL!
- YOU NEED TO FIND HER.
- WHO?
- YOUR DAUGHTER.
- THAT'S YOUR ADVICE?
THANKS, BIG BROTHER.
HERE I AM,
MOVING OUR ENTIRE SITUATION
JUST SO I CAN
MAKE HER LIFE BETTER.
AND WHAT DO I GET?
HEY, DREW.
DREW!
PLEASE TURN THAT THING DOWN!
- HEY, HOW'S DREW?
- OH, GOOD. HE'S GOOD.
- YEAH?
- [sighs]
I'M DOING THE RIGHT THING.
RIGHT, ADAM? MOVING HOME.
- LOOK, SARAH,
YOU'RE DOING THE RIGHT THING.
- YOU SURE?
IT'S GONNA BE GOOD, RIGHT?
I MEAN, YOU SAID
IT WAS GONNA BE GOOD,
AND THAT'S ESSENTIALLY
WHY I'M DOING IT,
BECAUSE YOU SAID
IT WAS GONNA BE GOOD,
SO IF IT ISN'T GOOD, I DON'T
THINK I'LL EVER FORGIVE YOU.
- LOOK, IF IT'S NOT GOOD,
YOU CAN BLAME ME. OKAY?
- THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
- LOOK, ALL RIGHT, SARAH,
I GO'I'I'A GO, OKAY?
I GOT ANOTHER CALL.
- NO, NO, NO, NO,
ADAM, ADAM, ADAM,
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT--
- ALL RIGHT. DAD.
- YEAH.
UH, MY PIPES ARE CLOGGED.
- DAD, I--I'M EXERCISING.
- YEAH, GOOD.
- ALL RIGHT?
- OKAY, I NEED YOU HERE
RIGHT NOW.
I'M NOT EVEN GETTING
A BELCH.
- I--OH, GOD.
OH.
[knocking on door]
- AMBER!
[rock music playing]
- [pounding on door] AMBER
AMBER.
YOU NEED TO GET IN THE CAR
WITH ME RIGHT NOW.
- LOOK.
BERKELEY
IS A LIVING HELL, MOM.
I AM NOT MOVING THERE.
I AM MOVING IN WITH DAMIEN.
WE'VE DECIDED.
RIGHT, DAMIEN?
- UHH.
- DAMIEN, I NEED TO SPEAK
WITH MY DAUGHTER.
COULD YOU GIVE US A MOMENT?
PERHAPS YOU COULD USE THIS TIME
TO PUT ON A SHIRT.
- NAH, AH, AH.
YOU STAY RIGHT THERE, DAMIEN.
DO NOT LET HER SCARE YOU.
HER BARK IS WORSE THAN
HER BITE.
- I WANNA LIFI' OFF
TO OUTER SPACE
- [growls]
- THIS IS SO EMBARASSING.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?
YOU'RE RUINING MY LIFE!
- I TOLD YOU. WE
DON'T HAVE A CHOICE.
I'M OUT OF MONEY.
PLUS, I WANT YOU GUYS
TO HAVE A CHANCE
TO BE WITH FAMILY, BECOME
DECENT UPSTANDING--
- DAMIEN!
- CITIZENS OF THE WORLD.
- CALL ME!
- [bangs] GET IN THE CAR!
- HEY.
HOW'S MY GRANDSON DOING?
IS HE GETTING READY
FOR HIS GAME?
I'M GONNA BE THERE
WITH BELLS ON.
- THAT'S--ACTUALLY, DAD,
THAT--THAT'S THE THING,
IS I THINK YOU MIGHT BE
MAKING MAX A LITTLE NERVOUS.
- WHAT?
- IT'S JUST, YOU'RE VERY--
- VERY--VERY WHAT?
- UH, NOTHING,
I'M JUST--JUST--
MAX IS A SENSITIVE KID,
THAT'S ALL.
- WELL, YOU WERE SENSITIVE TOO.
I CURED YOU.
- ALL RIGHT, LOOK, IF YOU'RE
GONNA COME TO THE GAME,
I'M GONNA NEED YOU TO BE CALM,
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S IMPORTANT THAT MAX
FEELS A CALMNESS.
- A CALMNESS.
[cell phone ringing]
- YEAH.
- HEY, HONEY?
HE WILL NOT PUT ON
HIS UNIFORM.
- LOOK, THE GAME'S
IN AN HOUR, KRISTINA.
HE HAS TO GO.
I'M THE COACH.
- OKAY.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO TELL YA.
IT'S A NONSTARTER.
I MEAN--
- JUST--
[exhales]
[exhaling slowly]
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
OKAY?
- [sighs] THANK YOU.
- ALL RIGHT. BYE.
- WHAT, HE DOESN'T WANNA GO?
- YEAH, HE DOESN'T WANNA GO.
- WELL, IT'S A BASEBALL GAME.
HE'S GOTTA GO.
- HE DOESN'T WANNA GO
TO THE GAME.
HE'S GONNA GO.
WE'LL GET HIM TO GO.
- WELL YOU'RE THE COACH.
- CAN I FINISH THIS?
- YEAH, WELL, FIX THAT
AND THEN GET OVER THERE
AND GET HIM TO THE GAME.
- AH!
- OH, NO.
- DAMN. AH!
HEY. WHAT DO WE GOT?
- MAJOR LEGO BINGE.
- ALRIGHT.
MAX?
MAX.
LISTEN, MAX,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO PLAY BASEBALL,
NOT AFTER THIS SEASON.
BUT I WANT YOU
TO GIVE THIS A CHANCE,
BECAUSE IT MEANT A LOT TO ME
WHEN I WAS A KID.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY,
WILL YOU GIVE IT A SHOT?
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN,
AFTER THE GAME,
WHY DON'T WE GO HAVE
SOME ICE CREAM?
DOUBLE SCOOP.
AND WHEN I SAY DOUBLE SCOOP,
WHAT I REALLY MEAN
IS TRIPLE SCOOP.
- I THINK
YOU SHOULD LET HIM STAY.
LIKE, DO WE EVEN CARE
ABOUT BASEBALL?
- WELL,
YOUR FATHER SURE DOES.
- WHY?
- WELL, BECAUSE MEN FEEL
THE NEED TO EXPRESS THEIR LOVE
THROUGH HITTING BALLS,
SLAPPING BUTTS,
AND DISCUSSING
MEANINGLESS STATISTICS.
AND I THINK YOUR FATHER
THINKS THAT
IF MAX DOESN'T DO
THESE THINGS,
HE'S GONNA GROW UP
TO BE SAD AND ALONE.
- WELL, THAT'S ABSURD.
- [sighs]
- WE ONLY HAVE 12 MINUTES, GUYS.
COME ON. LET'S GO. LET'S GO.
- OKAY, OKAY. HONEY HOW
DID YOU MAKE THIS HAPPEN?
- OH, I JUST TOLD HIM ABOUT
THE JOYS OF BASEBALL...
AND HOW IT'S SOMETHING HE CAN
DO WITH HIS FATHER FOREVER.
- OH. DOUBLE SCOOP.
- TRIPLE.
- GREAT PARENTING.
- LOOK, ONCE HE
GETS HIS FIRST HIT...
EVERYTHING IS GONNA
TURN AROUND FOR HIM.
THIS IS GONNA BE FUN!
- OKAY.
- WOO! ALRIGHT, LET'S GO!
[cell phone ringing]
- OW, OH. OH.
[cell phone continues ringing]
WHY ARE YOU CALLING ME?
- STAY ALIVE OUT THERE, MAX!
- CROSBY, YOU'RE THE
ASSISTANT COACH.
- IT'S THE THIRD INNING.
WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU?
DAD'S OUT OF CONTROL.
- BEND THE KNEES A LITTLE MORE.
- IT'S NOT
A GOOD TIME RIGHT--
I GOTTA, I GOTTA--
[clears throat]
I CAN'T TALK RIGHT NOW.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN
YOU CAN'T TALK RIGHT NOW?
YOU WITH SOMEONE?
- I'M GONNA CALL YOU BACK,
OKAY?
- ARE YOU BACK WITH KATIE?
DID YOU HAVE MAKEUP SEX?
- OH, COME ON,
THAT'S PATHETIC.
- ALL RIGHT, LOOK, WELL,
JUST GET OVER HERE, ALL RIGHT?
WE'RE GETTING OUR ASSES
HANDED TO US, OKAY?
WHAT KIND OF BROTHER ARE YOU?
- I'M ON MY WAY. OKAY?
- ATTA BOY!
- ALL RIGHT, COME ON, COME ON,
LET'S GO, LET'S GO!
- COVER SECOND BASE, MAX.
YOU'RE THE [indisctinct].
- NO, I HAVE THE DEPOSITION.
YEAH, I WILL FIND
THE HOLES IN IT.
- HEY. HON, WE'RE ACTUALLY
IN THE CELL-FREE ZONE, SO...
- OKAY. OKAY. ALRIGHT.
HUDGENS IS FREAKING OUT.
HE THINKS THAT LEON'S
GONNA TAKE HIM OFF
THE TIBLI CASE.
AND, SO--
- UH, HUH. CAN YOU TURN
THAT OFF?
- I'LL PUT IT ON VIBRATE.
- HEY, DON'T TALK
DIRTY AT FAIRYLAND.
- SHUT UP.
- IT'S JUST THAT SYDNEY HAS
BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS...
ALL WEEK.
- OKAY.
- HEY!
- HEY ALRIGHTY!
- ALRIGHT, THANKS FOR WAITING.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
-OKAY, LET'S TAKE
THIS PHOTO. HUH?
- [phone vibrating]
- UHM...
ONE SECOND.
- BE STRONG.
- IT'LL BE SO QUICK.
- COME ON.
YOU CAN DO IT.
- AHHH.
[phone buzzing]
[buttons clicking]
OKAY.
- YEAH!
- ALRIGHT!
- CHEESE!
- BALL FOUR.
TAKE YOUR BASE.
- ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, EVERYBODY,
WE ARE ONLY DOWN BY SEVEN.
WE CAN DO THIS.
YOU READY, MAX? LET'S GO.
- THIS IS OUR DATE WITH DESTINY.
COME ON.
- OH, NO. MAX IS UP?
- OH, GOD, MAX IS UP.
- HEY, NOT COOL.
ALL RIGHT, MAX, LISTEN TO ME,
ALL RIGHT?
I KNOW I TOLD YOU
TO SWING AT EVERYTHING.
BUT IN THIS SITUATION,
YOU GOTTA KNOW
THAT A WALK IS JUST AS GOOD
AS A HIT, OKAY?
- CAN'T SOMEONE ELSE HIT?
PLEASE. I SUCK.
I'M GONNA STRIKE OUT.
EVERYONE'S GONNA HATE ME.
- WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT'S TAKING SO LONG?
- MAX.
LISTEN TO ME, MAX.
MAX, LISTEN TO ME.
ALL RIGHT?
NOW IT--IT DOESN'T MATTER
IF YOU GET A HIT OR NOT, OKAY?
IT'S A GAME,
IT'S ALL ABOUT HAVING FUN.
- I'M NOT HAVING ANY FUN.
- ALL RIGHT, WELL, LOOK.
JUST TRY
YOUR BEST, PAL, OKAY?
- ATTA BOY.
- GOOD GAME, ALL RIGHT?
HAVE SOME FUN, HAVE SOME FUN.
- GIVE IT A WALLOP, MAX.
KNOCK IT OUT OF THE PARK.
- COME ON, MAXIE.
- ALL RIGHT.
BEND THOSE KNEES NOW.
GET THAT BAT BACK.
ELBOW UP. COME ON.
- SHOVE IT DOWN THEIR THROATS,
MAXO, COME ON.
SHOVE IT
DOWN THEIR THROATS, MAX--
ZEEK. ZEEK.
- WHAT? WHAT?
- SIMMER. SIMMER.
- STRIKE ONE.
- COME ON, THERE'S NO WAY
THAT KID'S EIGHT.
DID YOU SEE THIS PITCH?
- YEAH, YEAH, I SAW.
- WELL, WHAT,
DID THEY SMUGGLE HIM IN
FROM THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
OR SOMETHING?
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
ANY TIME YOU WANNA SHUT UP
WOULD BE GREAT.
ALL RIGHT, MAX, COME ON.
YOU GOTTA--YOU GOTTA GET UP
TO THAT PLATE, OKAY?
COVER THAT PLATE, YOU JUST--
SWING AT ANYTHING CLOSE.
[bat pinging]
- WHOO.
- RUN, RUN, MAX, RUN!
NO, NO, NO, NO,
THE OTHER WAY!
THE OTHER WAY,
[overlapping shouts]
- RUN, RUN, RUN!
YEAH!
- 0U l
- YES! NO!
- AH, JEEZ.
HE WAS NOT--
HE WAS NOT OUT.
- ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
HE WAS SAFE.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HEY, STAND BACK.
- WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG
WITH YOU?
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING
OVER HERE?
- YOU CAN'T TAKE THAT AWAY
FROM HIM!
[indisctinct arguing]
[Bob Dylan's Forever Young]
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS
DO FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS
DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
[acoustic guitar music]
- MA.
- SARAH.
I'VE BEEN SO EXCITED.
THIS IS SO COOL.
- HEY, HEY, HEY, AMBER.
HEY, HONEY.
HEY, DREW.
GIVE ME A HANDSHAKE.
NO, LIKE A MAN.
SHAKE IT--JEEZ, DREW.
HEY.
- HEY.
- HE WENT TO THE HOSPITAL
WITH CHEST PAINS.
- NO.
- YEAH.
- WAIT A MINUTE,
YOU ATTACKED AN UMPIRE?
- I DID NOT ATTACK
THE UMPIRE.
- WHAT DID YOU DO?
- WELL, NO,
IT WAS A TERRIBLE CALL.
AND I AM PROUD OF YOU, SON,
FOR STANDING UP
FOR JUSTICE.
- DAD, YOU'RE ACTUALLY
NOT HELPING.
- YEAH, BUT DID
HIS NECK VEINS POP?
- OH, MAN, THEY LOOKED LIKE
GARDEN HOSES,
THEY WERE SO ENGULFED.
- DADDY, CAN YOU CUT MY MEAT?
- I GOT IT, SWEETIE.
- WELL,
DADDY DOES IT BETTER.
- I'M RIGHT HERE, SWEETIE.
- I WANT DADDY.
- FINE.
JOEL, THANK YOU.
- SO, SARAH?
- MM-HMM?
- WHAT'S THE PLAN?
- THE PLAN?
- ARE YOU GONNA LOOK
FOR A JOB OR...?
- [laughs]
WELL--NO, NO,
I'VE BEEN HOME AN HOUR.
- I WAS ASKING A QUESTION--
- AND I DON'T HAVE A JOB YET.
- NO, I WAS JUST ASKING
A QUESTION.
I WAS JUST ASKING
A QUESTION, RIGHT?
- I'M SWITZERLAND,
DON'T LOOK AT ME.
I DON'T WANT ANYTHING TO DO
WITH THIS CONVERSATION.
- ZEEK, COULD WE HAVE
A LITTLE TOAST?
- [pinging on glass]
- EXCUSE ME.
- OLD WAR HERE.
THE MASTER TOASTMAKER
HAS THE FLOOR.
TO DREW AND AMBER...
AND MY SHINING ANGEL,
SARAH.
WELCOME HOME.
- THANKS, DAD.
- HEAR, HEAR.
- WELCOME HOME.
- WELCOME HOME!
- WELCOME HOME, SIS.
- AH, MAX. COME ON.
YOU CAN DO BETTER THAN THAT.
- SO YOU'RE SAYING, YOU
FOUND SPERM IN HER FREEZER?
- YES.
- HUMAN SPERM.
- I GUESS. I DIDN'T
SEND IT TO A LAB.
- THIS IS CRAZY.
- WHAT'S SHE GONNA DO WITH IT?
- GEE, JOEL. I DON'T KNOW.
I DIDN'T ASK HER.
- THIS IS UNCOOL.
- CAN WE JUST PLAY PING-PONG,
SO I CAN LOSE MYSELF IN SPORT?
- HEY. SHE SLEPT WITH YOU
WITH ANOTHER MAN'S SPERM
IN HER FREEZER.
IT'S UNCONSCIONABLE.
SHE HAS TO BE CONFRONTED.
- BACK IN. COME ON, MAX.
- SO WHEN IS SHE OVULATING?
- LET ME SEE YOU
JUST DRIBBLE.
- IF SOMEBODY GETS UP
IN YOUR GRILL,
YOU'RE GONNA SHOVE THEM BACK.
YOU GOTTA GET TOUGH, MAX.
KICK SOME ASS, BABY.
- HEY, HEY, DAD.
- WHAT?
- COULD YOU JUST
TAKE IT DOWN BY ABOUT HALF?
- YEAH.
OKAY, ARE YOU READY?
- I GUESS. UGH!
- GOOD, COME ON.
- SO IS MAX STILL WEARING
THAT PIRATE COSTUME TO SCHOOL?
- UM...
WE THINK HE'S WORKING
THROUGH THAT.
- UH...NO, THANKS.
I'M COOL.
YOU KNOW, IF YOU WANTED
TO COME HANG OUT
WITH ME AND MY FRIENDS
AFTER SCHOOL, I MEAN,
WE HONESTLY DON'T
DO ANYTHING,
BUT IF YOU WANTED TO COME
HANG OUT WITH US...
YOU COULD.
- WHEW. WOW.
OKAY, WOW,
A REALLY WARM INVITATION.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- OKAY.
- [LAUGHING]
- [CORK POPPING]
- WHY DID YOU BUY THEM?
- I DIDN'T.
I DIDN'T BUY THEM.
- SARAH.
- WHAT?
- YOU WILL NEVER GUESS
WHO I KEEP RUNNING INTO
AT BERKELEY COFFEE DOWNTOWN.
- WHO?
- JIM.
- JIM?
- JIM KAZINSKY.
- OH, JIM KAZINSKY.
- THE UNABOMBER?
I THOUGHT HE--
- NO, JIM KAZINSKY.
- OH, JIM KAZINSKY.
HE WAS REAL CUTE.
- I REALLY LIKED JIM.
- YEAH, WELL, 20 YEARS AGO.
MOVING ON.
[laughs awkwardly]
HOW'S HE LOOK?
- S-S-SMOKIN' HOT.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- YOU SHOULD CALL HIM.
- NO, NO.
- I'M SETTING IT UP.
- NO, PLEASE DON'T.
- YOU NEED A DATE.
- MM-HMM. YOU DO.
- BADLY.
- YOU'RE GONNA BE FINE, MAX.
LET'S GET YOU INSIDE.
- INCOMING.
- BLOODY NOSE.
- MAJOR FLOW.
- WHAT?
- WE'LL GET YOU ALL FIXED UP,
ALL RIGHT?
- OH, MY GOD.
WHAT HAPPENED?
- AH, AN ELBOW TO THE FACE.
- YOU ELBOWED HIM IN THE FACE?
- HE WAS IN MY ZONE.
- OKAY, HE'S EIGHT.
- COME HERE, BABY.
CAN I HAVE A NAPKIN?
- WELL, I APOLOGIZED TO HIM.
DIDN'T I, MAX?
DID I APOLO--
I APOLOGIZED.
- MA, COULD YOU GET SOME ICE.
- WHERE WERE YOU?
- I WAS JUST PLAYING
SOME PING-PONG WITH CROSBY.
I WAS TRYING TO GET HIM
TO MELLOW--
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
YOU GOT HIM?
- YEAH.
- DAD.
- YOUR GRANDPA'S AN IDIOT.
- DAD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- YEAH.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- OH, ADAM.
YOU KNOW, THE BOY
HAS SOME HEIGHT DEFICIENCIES.
WE NEED TO MAKE HIM
A BALL HANDLER.
- DO--DO YOU REALLY HAVE TO BE
PLAYING WITH HIM THAT HARD?
- YEAH,
YOU WEREN'T ANY DIFFERENT.
YOU HAD TO GET OVER
YOUR FEARS TOO.
- WE'RE NOT RAISING HIM
THE WAY THAT YOU RAISED US,
ALL RIGHT?
- OH.
OKAY, WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
- IT MEANS I DON'T WANT HIM
TO FEEL LIKE
EVERYTHING IN LIFE
IS A WAR.
- OH, SONNY.
IT IS A WAR.
- GOOD NIGHT, YOU GUYS,
SLEEP TIGHT.
HAVE YOU BEEN SMOKING IN HERE?
- EW, CAN YOU PLEASE NOT
USE THAT THING IN FRONT OF ME?
IT'S GROSS.
- HOW MUCH LONGER
DO WE HAVE TO SHARE A ROOM?
- I DON'T KNOW, HONEY.
- THAT REMINDS ME, DREW.
IF YOU FEEL THE URGE TO, UH,
RELEASE THE TENSION,
SO TO SPEAK, DO YOU THINK
YOU COULD DO IT IN THE BATHROOM?
- OH, AMBER.
- LOOK, IF THERE'S NOT ENOUGH
ROOM HERE, I MEAN,
MAYBE I CAN MOVE BACK
TO FRESNO.
- WHAT?
- YEAH, I CAN MOVE IN WITH DAD.
- OH, YEAH,
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
MAYBE YOU GUYS COULD SHARE
A DRUG DEALER.
- OH, MY GOD.
- HE'S GOT AN EXTRA BEDROOM,
AND WE'VE TALKED ABOUT IT.
- YOU HAVE?
- KIND OF, YEAH.
- I DON'T KNOW, HONEY.
DAD GETS SO BUSY,
AND WHAT IF HE HAS
TO GO OUT ON TOUR--
- CAN WE JUST TALK TO HIM
ABOUT IT?
- YEAH. SURE.
OF COURSE.
YOU SHOULD NOT BE SMOKING,
ESPECIALLY NOT IN
YOUR GRANDMOTHER
AND GRANDFATHER'S HOUSE.
WE ARE GUESTS IN THIS HOUSE.
- OH, I THOUGHT WE LIVED HERE.
[shuts door]
[Gospel choir singing]
- HEY, HOW'S IT GOING?
- GOOD.
- UM...
UH, IS SOMETHING OFF
IN THE SOPRANOS?
- YEAH, I THINK
THERE'S A LITTLE--
- OKAY, HEY.
- YEAH, IT'S CALLED
A MAJOR SEVENTH CHORD,
AND IT'S FINE.
- WELL, I'M THE PRODUCER.
I'M THE ONE WHO HAS TO ANSWER
TO THE CLIENT.
WHY ARE YOU SO TESTY?
- I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THE SPERM IN YOUR FREEZER?
- OH, I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU SAW THAT.
- YEAH, WERE YOU WONDERING?
'CAUSE IT'S THIS GIGANTIC, SHINY
THERMOS FULL OF SEMEN,
SO, YEAH, I FOUND IT
RIGHT NEXT TO THE COFFEE.
- OKAY, YOU KNOW,
I DO NOT WANT TO HAVE
THIS CONVERSATION AGAIN.
I AM READY TO HAVE A BABY,
AND YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE NOT MATURE ENOUGH.
- OKAY,
I'M NOT MATURE ENOUGH.
I'M NOT THE ONE OUT
SCROUNGING UP SOME GUY'S SPERM--
- AND I AM NOT
SCROUNGING IT UP.
I BOUGHT IT, FOR A LOT.
AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU,
ACTUALLY,
IT IS AMAZING SPERM.
- IS IT?
- YEAH, THE DONOR IS AN OLYMPIC
ATHLETE AND A RHODES SCHOLAR.
- GREAT, THEN IT SOUNDS LIKE
THIS SPERM'S GONNA BE
AN EXCELLENT FATHER.
SO MAYBE HE CAN COACH
SOCCER FOR YOU OR WHATEVER.
- YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
- I'M AN IDIOT.
- YEAH.
- OKAY, I DON'T HAVE
A SPACE-AGE CONTRAPTION IN MY--
WHEN ARE YOU OVULATING?
- FRIDAY.
[all talking at once]
- HEY, MAXIMO,
SAVE SOME PAPER
FOR THE REST OF US.
FREAK.
- [screams]
- BOYS! BOYS!
MAX. MAX.
MAX, STOP IT!
STOP IT. STOP IT.
STOP IT.
CALM DOWN. STOP IT.
STOP IT!
MAX, CALM DOWN.
- HE BIT ME.
- BACK TO WORK, EVERYONE.
- HE BIT ME!
- MAX. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I JUST, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT MAX WOULD DO THAT.
- HE MUST HAVE BEEN TAUNTED.
- AND WE WILL DEAL
WITH AMOS AS WELL.
BUT FOR RIGHT NOW,
WE WANT TO FOCUS ON MAX.
- I THINK WE'RE OVERANALYZING
THIS A LITTLE BIT.
MAYBE IF WE DIDN'T ALLOW HIM TO
WEAR A PIRATE COSTUME TO SCHOOL,
HE'D FIT IN
A LITTLE BIT BETTER.
- WAIT A MINUTE,
WAIT A MINUTE,
WE ALL DECIDED THAT WE WOULD
MONITOR THE PIRATE SITUATION.
- EVERYONE ELSE DECIDED,
AND NOW HE'S GETTING PICKED ON,
WHICH IS EXACTLY
WHAT I THOUGHT WOULD HAPPEN.
- I THINK WHAT
WE'RE TRYING TO SAY HERE
IS THAT WE'RE NOT SURE
THAT SULLIVAN ELEMENTARY
IS THE RIGHT FIT FOR MAX.
- I AM--I'M SORRY,
I DON'T UNDERSTAND--
- I THINK WE SHOULD TAKE MAX
TO AN EDUCATIONAL THERAPIST
TO HAVE HIM TESTED
TO SEE WHETHER OR NOT
SHE THINKS MAX
CAN BE SUCCESSFUL--
- LET'S JUST CUT
TO THE CHASE.
ARE WE GETTING EXPELLED?
YOU GIVING US THE BOOT?
- ADAM.
ARE WE?
- THAT'S GREAT.
AMBER'S OUT WITH HADDIE
AND HER FRIENDS.
- OOH, HERE'S A TWO-AND-ONE
IN EMERWILLE.
THAT LOOKS GOOD.
- EMERWILLE?
OVER MY DEAD BODY.
WHY DON'T YOU
PUT THAT THING DOWN?
YOU'RE STAYING RIGHT HERE
UNTIL YOU GET BACK ON YOUR FEET.
- MOM, I'M ON MY FEET.
I'M NOT DESTITUTE.
I JUST GOT
A LITTLE FINANCIAL TROUBLE
AND TWO DEGENERATE KIDS,
BUT I'LL BE FINE.
- I'M JUST LETTING YOU KNOW
WE'RE HERE FOR YOU.
- THANK YOU.
BUT TRUST ME.
I THINK I SHOULD
CUT THIS OUT, YOU KNOW,
IN THE SLIM CHANCE
THAT WE WEAR OUT OUR WELCOME.
[cell phone ringing]
HELLO?
WHO IS THIS?
[96%]
OH, MY GOD.
[plaintive melody]
- CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?
- ADAM. HEY.
- HEY. IT'S OKAY.
ALL RIGHT?
THEY WEREN'T OFFICIALLY
BOOKED, SO...
IT'S NOT GONNA GO
ON THEIR RECORDS.
- OH...
THANK GOD FOR THAT, HUH?
OH, GOD.
KRISTINA, I'M SO SORRY.
- OH, IT'S OKAY.
IT'S FINE, IT'S OVER.
- IT'S OVER.
- OKAY.
I'LL MAKE US SOME COFFEE.
- MOM.
IT WASN'T MY WEED.
- THAT'S GREAT.
WHAT A RELIEF.
SO PROUD OF YOU, HONEY.
- OH, DATE NIGHT.
- PLEASE. NO COMMENTS.
- WHERE'S HE TAKING YOU?
- CHINESE.
- SEXY.
- THAT'S ENOUGH OUT OF YOU.
OKAY?
THAT'S ENOUGH.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW
YOU MADE ME MAD,
AND YOU EMBARRASSED ME.
AND IT'S GONNA BE
A LONG TIME BEFORE
YOU EARN MY TRUST BACK.
- OKAY.
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT
THE SHOES?
- GO ON.
- WELL, I MEAN,
IT'S A DATE,
NOT A BAR MITZVAH.
I JUST THINK
YOU SHOULD REALLY
GO WITH YOUR STRONG SUIT,
YOU KNOW?
- WHAT IS MY STRONG SUIT?
- UH, YOUR BOOTS,
OBVIOUSLY.
- ALL RIGHT.
- ALSO, THAT BAG IS--
IT'S VERY 19605,
NOT IN A GOOD WAY.
- OH, GOD.
[reflective music]
[Asian music]
- HI.
- SARAH. HI, IT'S ME.
IT'S, UH--
IT'S JIM.
- OH, MY GOD.
- HI.
- HEY.
- OH. HEY.
- OW.
- OH.
- OH, GOD, I'M SORRY.
I--I DIDN'T REALIZE YOU--
YOU WERE GOING TO THE RIGHT.
ARE YOU OKAY?
- YES, I'M GOOD.
- YOU LOOK GREAT.
- OH, AND YOU.
WOW.
- YOU WANNA SIT DOWN?
- OKAY.
- YEAH.
- [laughs nervously]
GOSH.
- HEY.
- SO...
_ UH--
- OH, JULIA SAID THAT
SHE RAN INTO YOU
AT, UM, AT BERKELEY COFFEE.
- YEAH.
- DO YOU LIVE NEAR THERE?
YOU WORK NEAR THERE?
- OH, MAYBE SHE DIDN'T, UH...
I--I WORK
AT BERKELEY COFFEE.
I'M A, UH, BARISTA.
- OH.
- YEAH.
SHE DIDN'T SAY THAT.
UM, AND SO HOW LONG HAVE
YOU BEEN IN THE CAFFEINE GAME?
- UH, LOOK, IT'S A LONG STORY,
ACTUALLY, I--
- I'M SORRY. I JUST--
I'M JUST GONNA CUT YOU OFF.
I HAVE TO, UM,
I'M JUST GONNA MAKE A QUICK--
[clicks tongue]
AND THEN, UM,
I'M GONNA BE RIGHT BACK.
- I'LL GET
THE APPETIZERS STARTED.
DO YOU LIKE SHRIMP TOAST?
- ANY KIND OF TOAST.
[cell phone ringing]
- [groans]
HELLO?
- WELL,
IS THIS WHO I AM TO YOU?
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- I MEAN, I KNOW I'M NOT
A BIG LAWYER
WHO WALKS AROUND ON THE WEEKENDS
IN A JUICY PANTSUIT.
DOES THAT MEAN I HAVE TO GO OUT
WITH A FAT, BALDING BARISTA?
I'M JUST WONDERING.
IS THAT WHO I AM TO YOU?
- OH, MY GOD. SARAH.
- NO, NO, NO.
DON'T "OH, GOD" ME, JULIA.
I KNOW YOU'RE SEXIER THAN ME.
EVERYBODY KNOWS IT.
- WHOA, WHOA, HOLD ON.
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU HAVE TO ALWAYS
PROVE THAT YOU'RE BETTER
THAN ME.
I AM NEVER LETTING YOU
SET ME UP AGAIN.
EVER.
- GOOD, BECAUSE I'M DONE
TRYING TO HELP YOU.
- WELL,
I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP
BECAUSE I'M NOT
SOME CHARITY CASE.
- SCREW YOU.
- OH, NO, SCREW YOU.
I CAN'T TALK TO YOU RIGHT NOW
ANYWAY, I HAVE TO GO,
BECAUSE I AM ON
A FREAKIN' DATE.
[elevator bell dings]
- IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
- IT'S GREAT.
- LISTEN, I, UH--
I HAVE SOMETHING
I WANNA SHOW YOU.
IT'S YOURS.
THAT'S THE, UH,
THAT'S THE RING I GAVE YOU.
- OH, YEAH.
[chuckles]
HOW DO YOU HAVE IT?
- OH, WELL, I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU REMEMBER.
YOU SORT OF THREW IT
AT ME
THE NIGHT YOU BROKE UP
WITH ME.
- OH.
[965%]
I HIT YOU RIGHT IN THE EYE.
- YEAH, REMEMBER?
I SAID YOU SHOULD REALLY,
YOU SHOULD--
both: TRY OUT FOR THE A's.
- RIGHT.
[both laugh]
- [laughs nervously]
- SO I WANT YOU TO KNOW
I'M NOT JUST A BARISTA.
I REBUILD TRUCKS
FROM THE '305.
I HAVE SEVERAL
PING-PONG TROPHIES ON DISPLAY
IN MY OTHERWISE
UNIMPRESSIVE APARTMENT.
AND IF THAT'S NOT ENOUGH,
WHICH I'M SURE IT IS,
I JUST FOUND THE NEW YORKER
IS PUBLISHING ONE OF MY POEMS.
- THE REAL NEW YORKER?
- YEAH. YEAH.
THAN KS. YEAH.
I'M REALLY GLAD YOU CALLED.
YOU KNOW, I'VE ALWAYS
THOUGHT ABOUT YOU, SARAH.
- [sniffles]
- ARE YOU--
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT OR...?
- YOU JUST KEPT THIS
ALL THIS TIME.
THAT'S SO NICE.
YOU'RE SO NICE AND FUNNY.
I MARRIED THIS GUY
WHO'S, YOU KNOW,
LIKE A TORTURED MUSICIAN,
AND HE HAS THIS DRUG PROBLEM.
[sighs]
I WAS SUCH A JERK TO--
I--I'M SO SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
I'M JUST, I'M NOT VERY GOOD
AT THE, UM...
THE DATING THING ANYMORE,
YOU KNOW?
AND I MEAN, LET'S FACE IT,
IN MY PRIME,
I WASN'T--I WASN'T
THAT GOOD AT IT EITHER.
- YOU'RE MORE BEAUTIFUL
THAN I REMEMBER YOU.
- SHUT UP.
- YOU ARE.
- SERIOUSLY,
PLEASE SHUT UP.
REALLY?
- YEAH.
IS YOUR DAD HOME?
- JIM.
- WHAT?
- IT'S OKAY. WE'RE 38.
- OH.
AH, DAMN. NO CONDOMS.
I'M SORRY. I HAVE JUST
BECOME SO ACCUSTOMED...
TO THE IDEA OF
NOT GETTING LAID.
- [laughs] OH, OH!
IT'S OKAY!
[crashing] OOPSIE!
- IS HE HOME?
WHAT IS IT? WHAT IS IT?
- I GOT IT.
- WHAT?
WHY DOES YOUR DAD HAVE
CONDOMS IN HIS DESK DRAWER?
- I DON'T KNOW. I WAS LOOKING
FOR SCISSORS THE OTHER DAY
AND I FOUND THEM. [squeels]
- OH, MY GOD. WHAT DID YOU DO?
- I STARED AT THEM FOR TWO
HOURS AND THEN I WENT TO SLEEP.
- YOU THINK HE'S
HAVING AN AFFAIR?
- OH, MY GOD, STOP TALKING.
- HEY.
JUST SO YOU KNOW, UH,
HE NEVER ACTUALLY
PARTICIPATED
IN A SINGLE
OLYMPIC EVENT, SO...
- WHAT?
- YOUR PHENOMENAL SPERM,
STANFORD HECHT,
TRAVELED WITH THE BOWLING TEAM
AS A THIRD BACKUP.
HE NEVER GOT
IN A SINGLE GAME.
HE NEVER ROLLED A BALL.
JUST THOUGHT YOU MIGHT LIKE
TO KNOW THAT BEFORE
YOU PULL OUT
THE TURKEY BASTER.
- OH, MY GOD.
YOU GOOGLED MY SPERM.
- YEAH.
I GOOGLED YOUR SPERM.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT YOU'RE DOING THIS
WITHOUT EVEN DISCUSSING IT
WITH ME.
- WELL, WHAT ARE
WE SUPPOSED TO DISCUSS?
EVERY TIME THE WORD COMMITMENT
COMES UP, YOU WINCE.
- THAT'S NOT TRUE.
- YOU JUST WINCED.
- YEAH, WELL, PROVE IT.
- PROVE IT.
- YOU'RE AN INFANT.
- YOU'RE PANICKY.
- I AM 34, I WANT A BABY.
- OH, OKAY, SO YOU'RE JUST GONNA
INSEMINATE YOURSELF
WITH THE SEED
OF SOME THIRD-RATE HACK BOWLER?
- YEAH.
- I MEAN, HOW ABOUT
HAVING A CONVERSATION
OR A COMPROMISE?
- OH, YOU WANT HALF A BABY?
A BUNNY?
WHAT'S A COMPROMISE?
- NO, LIKE, YOU KNOW,
YOU GIVE ME A LITTLE TIME
TO FIGURE OUT
MY CAREER STUFF.
- I JUST SAW A DECADE
FLASH BEFORE MY EYES.
I NEED NUMBERS, BABE.
- OKAY, FIVE YEARS, TOPS.
- I'LL GIVE YOU THREE.
- FINE.
- OKAY.
- GREAT.
- SO YOU'RE SAYING
THAT YOU'LL HAVE A BABY
WITH ME IN THREE YEARS?
- YEAH.
- OH, MY GOD, I LOVE YOU.
- OKAY. OH.
- OH, GOD, I LOVE YOU.
- I LOVE YOU TOO.
- I LOVE YOU.
- [laughs nervously]
- TWINKLE, TWINKLE
LITTLE STAR
HOW I WONDER--
- MOMMY.
- YEAH, BABY.
- COULD DADDY SING?
- OF COURSE.
JOEL.
THERE HE IS.
HEY, BABE.
- YEAH.
- SHE WANTS YOU TO SING TO HER.
- UH, SWEETIE, MOMMY
RUSHED HERE...
TO GET HOME TO
SING YOU TO SLEEP.
- NO, IT'S FINE.
WE GOT TO READ THE BOOK.
- AND THE BOOK IS THE
BEST BEST "BETS" PART.
- [laughs]
ALL RIGHT.
MWAH.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU.
LET'S SEE...
WHICH ONE WE HAVEN'T
SANG IN A WHILE?
- THE MONKEY CHASED
THE WEASEL.
- OKAY.
LET'S SEE.
ROUND AND ROUND
THE COBBLER'S BENCH
THE MONKEY
CHASED THE WEASEL
THE MONKEY THOUGHT
IT WAS ALL IN FUN
POP,
GOES THE WEASEL
- NO PANTS.
PANTSLESS SNACKS.
- I JUST, I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET GROUNDED, OKAY?
- [laughs]
- OW! OH.
- OH, GOD. OH, NO.
- I'M OKAY.
- OH, NO, ARE YOU OKAY?
OKAY, THEN RUN.
YOU GOTTA RUN.
- SIX OR SEVEN SPLINTERS.
- [laughs]
- OKAY, QUIET.
- BE VERY QUIET.
- QUIET. SERIOUSLY.
THIS IS NOT
A LAUGHING MATTER.
- DON'T MAKE ANY NOISE.
DON'T MOVE.
[door slams]
- SHH.
- YOU'RE THE ONE SCREAMING.
- SHH, SHH, SHUT UP.
IT'S NOT EVEN FUNNY.
OH, OH, OH.
THIS IS AWFUL.
THIS IS SO AWFUL.
IT'S BLACKBERRY BRANDY.
AND IT'S DELICIOUS.
- I'M NOT GONNA HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH THAT.
- [laughs]
HI, HONEY.
HOW WAS DINNER
WITH UNCLE ADAM?
OH...
- [door slams]
I'M SO DEAD.
- MAN, I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHO YOU ARE ANYMORE.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
I'M DEVASTATED.
- IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
- HMM, YEAH.
IT'S A BIG DEAL.
- WE'RE AT OSCAR'S AND YOU
ORDERED A VEGGIE BURGER.
YOU KNOW HOW
TWISTED THAT IS?
- DIDN'T YOU SAY
THERE WAS SOMETHING...
- CHECK THAT OUT.
IT'S FROM JASMINE.
THE DANCER.
FROM FIVE YEARS AGO.
'MEMBER HER?
FLEXIBLE ONE?
- SHE WAS. REALLY--
- UH-HUH.
- FLEXIBLE.
- SHE CONTACTED ME.
AFTER ALL THIS TIME.
I'VE HAD LIKE FIVE EMAILS...
SINCE WE WENT OUT.
I THINK SHE'S, YOU KNOW,
PERSUING ME...
CAUSE LOOK IT. IT'S...
OH. UM.
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING
THIS WEEKEND?"
"CAN I STOP BY?"
- YEAH, WHOA.
STOP BY. WHOA.
THAT'S...YEAH.
- BOLD, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- SO, DO YOU THINK IT'S
COOL IF I SEE HER?
EVEN THOUGH I'M...
QUASI ENGANGED.
- YOU'RE WHAT?
- YOU KNOW, I'M...
POTENTIALLY
IN NEGOTIATIONS...
TO GET ENGAGED TO KATIE.
- WAIT, I THOUGHT THAT WE AGREED
THAT YOU WERE GONNA...
CONFRONT HER ABOUT
THE SPERM SITUATION.
- YEAH, I DID.
- AND-AND YOU ENDED
UP GETTING ENGAGED?
- I DIDN'T GET ENG--
OKAY, LISTEN. ALL RIGHT.
I AGREED TO HAVE A CHILD
WITH HER IN THREE YEARS.
- SO, I THINK THE MARRIAGE...
- OH, OH.
- THING IS PROBABLY
IMPLIED, RIGHT?
- YEAH, YEAH.
IS THIS REALLY HOW YOU
WANNA LIVE YOUR LIFE?
- OKAY, LOOK. I'M SORRY WE CAN'T
ALL BE THE PERFECT COUPLE...
LIKE YOU AND KRISTINA.
AND EAT VEGGIE
BURGERS AND STUFF.
- YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
- THAT'S PRETTY HARSH.
ARE YOU GONNA EAT
YOUR FRIES?
[cell phone ringing]
[percussion music]
- HEY.
HEY.
- HI.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
UM, I HEARD FROM
THE EDUCATIONAL THERAPIST.
SHE SAID THAT SHE HAS
SOME CONCERNS ABOUT MAX.
- UH-HUH.
- SHE FEELS THAT MAX
HAS SOME LEARNING DIFFERENCES.
- OKAY, LISTEN,
I'VE GIVEN THIS SOME THOUGHT.
I WAN NA CONTACT THE SCHOOL,
GET MAX A TUTOR
TO HELP HIM THROUGH
THIS ROUGH PERIOD.
NOW, LISTEN I GOTTA GET BACK
TO THIS MEETING.
- I UNDERSTAND THAT,
BUT SHE WASN'T JUST
TALKING ABOUT ACADEMICS.
- I GET THAT,
AND WE'LL DEAL WITH IT.
- HONEY, SHE THINKS THAT
HE MAY HAVE...
SHE THINKS THAT
HE MAY HAVE ASPERGER'S.
- ASPERGER'S?
LIKE AUTISM?
LOOK, MAX IS NOT--
- IT'S HIGH-FUNCTIONING AUTISM.
A LOT OF PEOPLE
WITH ASPERGER'S...
- MAX IS NOT AUTISTIC.
- LIVE VERY
PRODUCT IVE LIVES, ADAM.
- KRISTINA,
I'VE SEEN AUTISTIC KIDS.
THE LESSINGS' KID
WITH THE HAND FLAPPING--
- SHE WAS SAYING
THAT WHEN SHE WAS WITH HIM,
SHE SAW CERTAIN PATTERNS.
- HE WAS HAVING
A VERY BAD DAY.
AND THOSE TESTS THAT
SHE GAVE TO HIM WERE RIDICULOUS.
- ADAM, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
- SHE DIDN'T CONNECT
WITH HIM AT ALL.
YOU KNOW HOW IMPORTANT IT IS
FOR HIM TO FEEL SAFE--
- SHE SAID THAT IF WE GET HIM
THE RIGHT TOOLS TO LEARN--
- WHICH IS WHAT I SAID,
A TUTOR.
- SHE WASN'T TALKING
ABOUT A TUTOR.
- WELL, I'M NOT SENDING HIM
TO SPECIAL ED.
- HONEY, THERE IS SOMETHING
WRONG WITH OUR BABY.
IT'S NOT JUST--IT'S NOT JUST
THE ACADEMICS, OKAY?
IT'S NOT--
IT'S NOT JUST THE BITING
OR THE PIRATE COSTUME
OR THE FEAR OF FIRE
OR THE--THE TANTRUMS.
IT'S EVERYTHING.
PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME BE ALONE
WITH--WITH THIS.
I DON'T WANT TO--
- COME HERE.
ALL RIGHT?
OKAY.
- MAX.
HEY, MAX.
YOU FORGOT YOUR BOOK BAG.
DO YOU WANT ME TO HANG IT UP
IN THE HALLWAY FOR YOU?
- HEY, MAX.
- MAX, THAT--THAT KID
JUST SAID HELLO TO YOU.
MAX, IF YOU DON'T SAY
HELLO BACK,
HE MIGHT THINK
THAT YOU'RE BEING RUDE.
- OKAY.
- DID YOU HEAR HIM
SAY HELLO?
- UH-HUH.
[bell ringing]
- MAX. MAX. MAX.
I LOVE YOU.
- WE JUST NEED TO BRING IN--
IT'S, LIKE, THE HOMESTRETCH.
WE JUST NEED TO BRING IN
A COUPLE MORE CANS HERE,
A COUPLE MORE--
OH, OH, EXCUSE ME.
ADAM, HEY.
- HEY, PAUL.
- GREAT RUNNING INTO YOU.
LISTEN, THIS IS
A LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE.
UH, THE BOARD
OF THE LITTLE LEAGUE
HAD A MEETING LAST NIGHT.
UH, THE CONSENSUS WAS
IS THAT MAYBE IT MIGHT BE BETTER
IF YOU STEPPED ASIDE.
LET SOMEONE ELSE COACH
THE REST OF THE SEASON.
JORDAN SHEFRANICK'S DAD'S
ABLE TO STEP IN.
- OH, OKAY.
[sighs]
- AND, ADAM, THEY ALSO
ASKED ME TO TELL YOU
THAT YOU CAN'T BE PRESENT
AT FUTURE GAMES.
UH, THEY'VE HAD SOME COMPLAINTS
FROM SOME PARENTS.
UH, APPARENTLY THE UMPIRE'S
FILING A LAWSUIT.
- [laughs]
I'M REALLY SORRY, ADAM.
IT WAS A BAD CALL.
- YEAH.
YEAH, THANKS FOR THAT.
I'M SORRY, I COULDN'T
GET BACK TO THE OFFICE...
SO, YOU MAKE THE CALL...
AND I'LL TALK TO YOU
TOMORROW MORNING.
[knocking at door]
OKAY, BYE.
HEY.
- HI. YOU'RE HOME EARLY.
- NO, I HAD THIS MEETING
OVER AT SHATTUCK,
AND THEN CROSBY CALLED
FREAKING OUT
ABOUT SOME EMERGENCY
THAT COULDN'T WAIT.
- UH, DREW DIDN'T HAPPEN
TO COME BY, DID HE?
- HERE?
- YEAH.
- NO.
- OH, I GOT A WEIRD CALL
FROM THE SCHOOL.
- YEAH?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I'M JUST TRYING NOT TO PANIC.
I'M SURE IT'S NOTHING,
IT'S JUST--
- ADAM, I AM
IN A REAL PICKLE, MAN.
KATIE ALREADY TRIED
TO MOVE UP THE DATE.
YOU GOTTA GET ME
OUT OF THIS ENGAGEMENT.
- ENGAGEMENT?
- OH, YOU'RE JUDGMENTAL?
- YOU AND KATIE GOT ENGAGED?
- WHOA, WHAT?
- CROSBY AND KATIE
GOT ENGAGED.
- OKAY, THIS IS ABOUT
THE FROZEN-SPERM THING.
- I'M SORRY, THE WHAT?
- HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
IS THERE NOT ANY CONFIDENTIAL
MALE-GUY STUFF ANYMORE?
- I DON'T THINK SO.
- HI, CRAZY LADY
WHO YELLS AT HER SISTER
FROM A DATE.
- FINE. I MAY HAVE OVERREACT ED
A LITTLE BIT.
- MAYBE?
- WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
- WHY ARE YOU HERE?
WHY IS EVERYONE HERE?
BECAUSE THIS IS ADAM
AND CROSBY TIME.
- I DIDN'T INVITE THEM.
- KRISTINA'S PICKING SYDNEY UP
FROM SCHOOL FOR US.
JOEL HAS A DENTAL THING,
AND SYDNEY DOESN'T LIKE ME
VERY MUCH ANYWAY, SO--
- THAT'S NOT TRUE.
- SHE LOVES YOU.
- OH, SHE OPENLY PREFERS JOEL,
AND THAT IS FINE,
BECAUSE I AM A GOOD LAWYER,
AND HE IS A GOOD FATHER.
SO SHE WILL BE LIKE
A RELATIVE OF MINE.
SEE, I CAN--
I CAN MANAGE THIS.
I CAN LOWER MY EXPECTATIONS.
- HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
WAIT, SO ARE WE SAYING
WE LOST DREW?
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED, OKAY?
IT MIGHT HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THE FACT THAT
HE WALKED IN ON ME AND JIM
HALF-NAKED LAST NIGHT.
- YOU SLEPT WITH JIM?
- GOOD FOR YOU.
- WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM
BEING A FAT, BALDING BARISTA?
- I WARMED TO HIM.
- HOW MANY DAYS
HAS SHE BEEN HOME?
- GET THEM OUT OF HERE.
- HELLO. HI, SETH.
- SETH, THERE'S A WINNER.
- NO.
- SHE WAS SCREAMING AT ME
ON THE PHONE.
- WHAT?
HE'S WITH YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
SINCE WHEN?
YES, I'M UPSET.
SETH, WHATEVER YOU DO,
DO NOT LET HIM OUT
OF YOUR SIGHT, DO YOU HEAR ME?
I AM ON MY WAY.
I'M GETTING IN THE CAR
RIGHT NOW. GOOD-BYE.
HE'S IN
MOTHER-FREAKIN' FRESNO.
- UH, SARAH.
SARAH.
WHY DON'T I RIDE WITH YOU?
- THANKS.
I'LL DO THIS.
- HEY, YOUR MOM'S HERE.
- DREW, HONEY.
HEY. HEY.
- UH, IT'S JUST NOT
A REAL GOOD TIME RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN, I GOT THESE ROAD DATES
THAT MIGHT COME UP,
AND IT'S--
- IT'S OKAY.
- YOU ALL RIGHT?
IS THE FAMILY GOOD?
- THANKS FOR CALLING, SETH.
- YEAH.
SEE YOU SOON, CHAMP.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE WE CAN TAKE IN
A GAME OR SOMETHING.
- YEAH.
[car ignition turns]
- DREW.
DREW, COME ON, LET'S GO.
HEY.
HEY. HEY.
OH, HONEY.
YOU...
DESERVE A FATHER.
YOU DESERVE A GREAT FATHER.
AND I SHOULDN'T HAVE
MARRIED HIM.
AND I'M REALLY SORRY.
OH, LOOK AT YOU.
LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE ALMOST A MAN.
WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN?
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH,
YOU HAVE ME.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
AND I'M REALLY SORRY,
BUT THAT'S GONNA
HAVE TO BE ENOUGH, OKAY?
OKAY.
[children's choir singing]
all: WHO CAN ROW
WITHOUT OARS?
WHO CAN LEAVE
A FRIEND BEHIND
WITHOUT SHEDDING A TEAR?
I CAN SAIL
WITHOUT THE WIND
I CAN ROW
WITHOUT OARS
I CAN NEVER LEAVE
A FRIEND
WITHOUT SHEDDING A TEAR
- [cheers and applause]
- SHE WAS GREAT!
- OH. THANKS, DAD.
- WHERE'S MAX AND ADAM?
EXCUSE ME.
all: I AM A GREAT KID,
YES I AM
[splashing]
- ADAM.
ADAM, WHAT--
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING
OUT HERE?
- WE'RE FINE.
JUST GO BACK IN.
YOU'RE GONNA MISS THE END.
- MAX, COME ON,
LET'S GO INSIDE.
- [sighs]
HE CAN'T GO IN.
- WHAT?
- THERE ARE CANDLES
IN THE HALLWAY,
HE CAN'T WALK PAST THEM.
- OH, HELL,
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
I MEAN, ALL HE'S GOTTA DO
IS GO BY THEM.
HE'S GONNA BE FINE.
MAX.
COME ON, LET'S GO INSIDE.
- DAD, IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE.
- IT IS THAT SIMPLE, ADAM.
I RAISED FOUR KIDS.
- DAD, THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG
WITH MY SON.
THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG.
AND I'M GONNA NEED YOU
TO HELP ME.
[sighs]
[splashing]
- YEAH, OKAY.
OH, SONNY.
[foghorn blows, seagulls cry]
- HEY.
[laughs]
HEY.
- HEY.
- JASMINE.
- UH-HUH.
- UH, WELL, UH, YOU LOOK...
GREAT.
- THANKS.
- DO YOU, UH,
DO YOU WANNA GO IN--
- HONEY, COME HERE.
- OH, UH, WHO'S THIS?
- THAT'S JABBAR.
- OH, HEY, BUDDY.
I'M CROSBY.
- HE WANTED TO MEET
HIS DAD.
- OOH, OOH, OOH, OOH
WOO, HOO, OOH
[all talking at once]
- WE HAVE A MAJOR SITUATION.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
- SO, UH, I HAVE A KID...
A SON, A BOY.
HIS NAME IS JABBAR.
- JABBAR?
- I DON'T KNOW,
SHE'S APPARENTLY
A BASKETBALL FAN
OR SOMETHING.
- WELL, WHAT AM I GONNA
SAY AFTER THAT? LIKE--
- ISN'T THE GAME TODAY?
- WHAT?
WELL, BUDDY, I THOUGHT
YOU WERE DONE WITH BASEBALL.
- IT'S MY TEAM.
- UH...
GAME'S IN TEN MINUTES,
EVERYBODY.
COME ON, WE GOT
A BASEBALL GAME TO GET TO.
- OKAY, BABY,
LET'S GO, LET'S GO, LET'S GO.
HEY, HADDIE, CAN YOU GO GRAB
HIS UNIFORM, PLEASE?
- LAUNDRY ROOM.
GOT IT.
- COME ON, MAXIE,
LET'S GO GET DRESSED.
OH, MY GOD,
I THINK I'M SNACK MOM TODAY.
CAN YOU HELP ME
WITH THE SNACKS?
- YEAH,
WE'LL MAKE SNACKS.
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO
FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS
DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS
KNOW THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHTS
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS
BE COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
[bat pings, crowd cheers]
FOREVER YOUNG